Mention betadots onetime donation (#442)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: _sponsors/betadots.md

website: https://www.betadots.de/
button: betadots.de
---

> Thanks to [betadots GmbH](https://www.betadots.de/) for sponsoring us 50$/month via GitHub sponsors + a onetime 5000$ contribution!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to [betadots GmbH](https://www.betadots.de/) for sponsoring us 50$/month via GitHub sponsors + a one time 5000$ contribution!
```
